enh(eic guide): add more direction on labels and tracking presubmissions to editor in chief guide (#339)
pyOpenSci/software-peer-review: how-to/editor-in-chief-guide.md

If the EiC has limited time to handle [pre-review checks](pre-review-checks) for a package, a conflict of interest, or lacks relevant expertise, they may ask another editor to perform initial checks on a package at any time.
:::

## Editor in Chief pre-review submission checklist

The EiC is also responsible for determining the scope of packages submitted via a pre-submission inquiry.

The steps include:

1. **Determine if the package is in scope for review:** Have a look at the pre-submission inquiry. Use our [project scope page](https://www.pyopensci.org/software-peer-review/about/package-scope.html) to determine whether that package is in scope for pyOpenSci review.

> 2. If the package is in scope, add the `submission-requested` label to the pre-submission inquiry.
> 3. Let the author know that `pre-review` checks are next and will happen in the full submission issue. At this stage, it's a good idea to let the author know that the package will undergo pre-review checks upon submission for review. You can share the [pre-review checks template with the author at this time if you wish](editor-checklist-template)

Author: ```suggestion
1. If the package is in scope, tell the author that it's in scope and invite them to open a new issue, submitting their package formally for review.  Add the `submission-requested` label to the pre-submission inquiry issue.
1. Let the author know that `pre-review` checks are next and will happen in the full submission issue. At this stage, it's a good idea to let the author know that the package will undergo pre-review checks upon submission for review. You can share the [pre-review checks template with the author at this time if you wish](editor-checklist-template)
```

Once you’ve selected an editor:

> 1. **Assign the issue to that editor in GitHub** This step helps us keep track of who is running which reviews. Please do not forget to do this!
> 2. Update the editor section of the YAML at the top of the issue with their GitHub username

Author: ```suggestion
1. **Assign the issue to that editor in GitHub** This step helps us keep track of who is running which reviews. Please do not forget to do this!

:::{figure-md} assign-editor

<img src="../images/assign-issue.png" alt="Screenshot showing the right-hand side of a GitHub issue with the editor assigned to the issue." width="700px">

Make sure that your name is both listed in the YAML at the top of the issue and also that you are assigned to the issue on GitHub (on the right-hand side of the issue).
:::

2. Update the editor section of the YAML at the top of the issue with their GitHub username
```
